We are looking for bright engineers interested in designing elegant solutions to difficult problems in the autonomy space. Our software engineers work across our suite of products, tackling difficult full-stack, infrastructure, robotics, and graphics problems. At Applied Intuition, we encourage engineers to take ownership over technical and product decisions, interact closely with users to collect feedback, and contribute to a thoughtful, dynamic team culture.

At Applied Intuition, you will:
Work across our entire stack to develop new products, features, and tools for our customers' autonomy development workflows
Have an unparalleled opportunity to work with domain experts across a variety of fields: infrastructure, robotics, and graphics engineers, as well as startup veterans
Carve out your own area of expertise and influence product decisions
Collaborate with other members in the autonomy ecosystem and learn about different approaches to solving core issues in autonomy
We're looking for someone who has:
A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent
3+ years of experience shipping complex software
Demonstrated ability to be a self-starter and can quickly become comfortable with new technical tools
Designed efficient and effective solutions to a wide range of engineering challenges
Proven ability to take initiative in a fast-paced environment
Nice to have:
Working knowledge of frontend, API layer, containerization, or cluster orchestration frameworks (such as React, GraphQL, Docker, or Kubernetes)
Experience working with simulation tools, modeling physical problems, or using robotics middlewares (such as ROS)
Experience writing Python, C++, Javascript, or Golang
Compensation at Applied Intuition for eligible roles includes base salary, equity, and benefits. Base salary is a single component of the total compensation package, which may also include equity in the form of options and/or restricted stock units, comprehensive health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, 401k retirement benefits with employer match, learning and wellness stipends, and paid time off. Note that benefits are subject to change and may vary based on jurisdiction of employment.

Applied Intuition pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum intended target base salary for new hire salaries for the position. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials & certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, interview performance, and the level and scope of the position.

Please reference the job posting’s subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the location listed is: $125,000 - $222,000 USD annually.