Your car and your home are your most important assets, yet the experience of owning them is stuck in the 90s. Every part of the journey — buy/sell, insurance, maintenance, repairs — is fragmented, complicated, and expensive.

Jerry.ai is building the first app to manage it all. We started with car insurance in 2019, became one of the top 3 brokers in the U.S., then added driving insights, diagnostics, and a repair marketplace.

We've reached 5M+ customers, raised $240M+, scaled revenue 70X, and became profitable in early 2024. We're now expanding into adjacent verticals (e.g. home, motorcycle, RV, etc) to become the one-stop-shop for all your physical assets.

Why We’re Hiring

Our Data Science & Analytics team has been a force multiplier and accelerant to our business that has helped us reach these pivotal milestones in spite of headwinds and within a highly competitive market. They are a team of former McKinsey, BCG and Bain consultants who drive data & insights, and inform decision-making across every corner of our business. They are analytical powerhouses and first principles problem solvers who push forward our most important initiatives across product, growth, tech, and operations.

Every business unit has a Data Science team member embedded within it — someone who doesn't just run analyses and build dashboards, but shapes what questions we should ask, what data to pull, what conclusions to draw, what decisions to make, and then drives our teams towards our next goal: go from 5M to 50M customers and become a $10B business in the next 4 years.

As our business continues to expand, there is growing demand for more Data Science team members. We are hiring 4-6 people to drive impact in these areas:

Growth Marketing
Product Development
AI & Automation
Strategic Partnerships
On leveling: You may see job ads for this role at different job levels. Our priority is finding the right people, we can be flexible with job title/leveling.

Why You Will (Or Won't) Like Working Here

No slides: If you've worked in consulting, you know what it feels like to be up at 3am reformatting a deck. That doesn't exist here. The only work that gets done at Jerry is work that will materially change the trajectory of our business — an important product, a new growth channel, a key metric, a critical partner relationship, etc.
No corporate fluff: The Data Science & Analytics team is 14 insatiable learners who care deeply about solving difficult problems and making a tangible impact. Every person owns a critical domain. There is no bloat, unnecessary meetings, or waiting for approvals.
Hands-on: This is not a pure strategy role, you will also own execution. Your day-to-day will be surfacing analytical insights, driving decisions, and seeing them through end-to-end.
What You'll Own

You'll sit on our central Data Science & Analytics team but you’ll be embedded in one of Jerry's core business areas — growth, product, AI and automation, strategic partnerships — and own the analytical function for that business unit end-to-end.

Define the right problems: Before any analysis, understand what business question it's answering and what decision it will inform. Push back if the question is flawed.
Data and insights: Define metrics, build reports, run analyses, design experiments, and surface data insights that move your team's key metrics.
Drive outcomes: Bring recommendations to your counterparts in product, growth, finance or operations, tell them what's happening and why, and what next steps should be.
Who You Are

First principles thinker: You break ambiguous problems into clear hypotheses before touching data. You're analytically strong (comfortable with SQL or Python) but your instinct is to ask "what are we trying to solve here?" before jumping to "what should I build?"
Direct communicator: You can walk a skeptical stakeholder through a complex finding and get buy-in quickly. You write clearly, speak precisely, and don't bury the lede.
Owner: You act like your name is on the door. If something is broken, you feel responsible for fixing it, even if it’s outside of your swim lane.
What You'll Bring

2+ years of experience at a consulting firm, investment bank, or high-growth technology company.
Strong analytical skills; ability to pull, structure, and interpret data independently.
Track record of owning ambiguous problems and delivering impact.
Clear, persuasive communicator who can influence decisions at the leadership level.
Our Tools

SQL (Clickhouse), Metabase, Python, Jupyter Hub, GitHub.

While we appreciate your interest and application, only applicants under consideration will be contacted.

Jerry.ai is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We prohibit discrimination based on race, religion, color, national origin, sex, pregnancy, reproductive health decisions or related medical conditions, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or other characteristics protected by applicable local, state or federal laws.

Jerry.ai is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities in our job application process. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at recruiting@jerry.ai

The successful candidate’s starting pay will fall within the pay range listed on this job posting, determined based on job-related factors including, but not limited to, skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. Ranges are market-dependent and may be modified in the future. In addition to base salary, the compensation may include opportunities for equity grants.

We offer a comprehensive benefits package to regular employees, including health, dental, and vision coverage, paid time off, paid parental leave, 401(K) plan with employer matching, and wellness benefits, among others. Equity opportunities may also be part of your total rewards package. Part-time, contract, or freelance roles may not be eligible for certain benefits.

About Jerry.ai

Jerry.ai is America’s first and only super app to radically simplify car ownership. We are redefining how people manage owning a car, one of their most expensive and time-consuming assets.

Backed by artificial intelligence and machine learning, Jerry.ai simplifies and automates owning and maintaining a car while providing personalized services for all car owners' needs. We spend every day innovating and improving our AI-powered app to provide the best possible experience for our customers. From car insurance and financing to maintenance and safety, Jerry.ai does it all.

We are the #1 rated and most downloaded app in our category with a 4.7 star rating in the App Store. We have more than 5 million customers — and we’re just getting started.

Jerry.ai was founded in 2017 by serial entrepreneurs and has raised more than $240 million in financing.

Join our team and work with passionate, curious and egoless people who love solving real-world problems. Help us build a revolutionary product that’s disrupting a massive market.