Machine Learning Engineer @ Coinbag
At Coinbag, engineers develop in every part of the code and we mean every part. We embrace technology and innovation. It is a critical skill for every engineer to be language & technology agnostic - meaning not only do you have the ability to pick up new languages and technologies quickly, but you are able to turn around and implement them with high quality, best practices. You don’t mind building mathematical models, creating smart contracts, pixel pushing on the marketing page or spinning up servers, and everything in between.

We are a well-funded startup team and we are seeking individuals that want to bring innovation and make an impact. To take on this role, you will need to be ambitious, decisive, open minded and results driven.

You will have the opportunity to work closely with our experienced co-founding team to execute on the roadmap as well as have a voice in what we decide to build going forward.

If all that sounds good to you, check out below.

Responsibilities

Develop solutions keeping in mind decentralization
Design infrastructure able to support a wide variety of situations while optimizing cost
Automate anything that can be automated, we ate manual work
Monitor and implement highest quality security standards
Qualifications & minimum requirements
We are looking for smart people that have experience writing software, no degree or papers required

Our stack

Anything... and many things :)
Scala
NodeJs
Python
Solidity
Haskell
Blockchains: Terra, Cardano, Ethereum, Binance Smart Chain, Cosmos, Polkadot, Solana, and more)
About Coinbag
We are well-funded, blockchain-based company focused on automated cross-chain crypto interest optimization. Our mission is to make cryptocurrency investing simple for the every day investor. We work with our customers crypto portfolio to maximize interest earned on their holdings.

Why Coinbag

Competitive salary
Company equity + access to pre-sale of token
Get paid in cryptocurrency
100% remote
Flexible work hours
Full-time, ongoing contract work so you can benefit from tax write-offs
Unlimited time off - though we will ensure minimums to make sure people take time!
Work with a team of experience blockchain experts